Help me create a plan to build an app, so I am building an app to support post-release exonerees, so the app should be clean with a warm color tone, I like beige so use beige and a hue of orange as the color pallette. And then, the app should have some basic features, I want to build this app from the base up so everything should be implemented well. I need a login/sign up system that is connnected with all features in the app, let me know what database is best to store the data on. And then I want to have a news/events section in the phone app, that covers recent exoneree news, events that are happening close to the user, and articles etc covering exoneree, legal system, and generally important things for them. Then, I want to implement a database system within the app where it holds all the resources the exoneree will need, like articles covering how to budget, guides on various specific aspects, videos, and all these resources to help them, part of this is that I want to have an admin system so I can always change parts of the app manually or input news guides, or news or events into the app anytime I want easily. And then I want to have a chat system I will implement later, where exonerees can talk to each other in either a group chat format or a reddit format, as well as communicate with professional helpers and advisors who are lawyers, financial advisors, volunteers, other exonerees in a seperate chat. And so another thing is that there should be a survye system or the app should ask the user a few questions about their purpose of the app like asking them if they are in need of help as an exoneree or not, or if they want to help others as an exoneree, volunteer, or pro. There should also be a profile system where the user can manage their profile. And then in the future, I want to gamify the whole app so we can reward exoneree users with cash for using the app or using specific features and completing specific tasks. Create a good plan where it builds a stable base for the app and we can implement more features from there.